File backport PRs from a feature branch (#3442) (#3455)
DataBiosphere/azul: OPERATOR.rst

Backporting from ``prod`` to ``develop``
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> #. Make a branch from ``prod`` at the last commit being backported. Title the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. Make a branch from ``prod`` at the last commit being backported. Name the
```

   branch following this pattern::

>        issues/<your name>/backport-<hash of hotfix>-<another hotfix>

Reviewer 2: s/<your name>/<your GH handle> maybe?

Author: I use my name, so I don't think that's a hard and fast rule. I'll leave it as is.

> #. Open a PR from your branch which targets ``dev``. Title it::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. Open a PR from your branch which targets ``develop``. Name it::
```

> #. Open a PR from your branch which targets ``develop``. Name it::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. Open a PR from your branch, targeting ``develop``. Name it::
```
